README.md, before:

# Project 2 Oakland Crime Data

## Table of Contents

- [Oakland Crime Data](#oakland-crime-data)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [The Challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [The Development Process](#the-developement-process)
  - [The Output](#the-ouput)
  - [Installation and Uage](#installation-and-usage)
  - [Credits, tools and other references](#credits-tools-and-other-references)

## The Challenge

Create a Full Stack webpage that visualizes crime data with the following features:
- [x] Project falls in one of 4 tracks (NEED TO Pick one)
- A custom “creative” D3.js project (i.e. nonstandard graph or chart)
- A combination of web scraping and Leaflet or plotly
- A dashboard page with multiple charts that update from the same data
- A “thick” server that performs multiple manipulations on data in a database prior to visualization (must be approved)
- [x] Backed by SQL database
- [x] Use existing public data set for the database
- [x] Python Flask-powered API
- [x] HTML/CSS for the front-end
- [x] Includes at least one JS library not covered in lecture
- [x] Powered by a data set with at least 100 records
- [x] Include some level of user-driven interaction, e.g. menus, dropdowns
- [x] Final visualization should ideally include at least three views


## The development process


## The Output


**User stories**


**The application**
![Screenshot1]()
![Screenshot1]()

## Installation and Usage


To install the project follow these steps:

## Credits, tools and other references

**Colaborators**
- Front End
- Project Leader
- BackEnd
- ETL
- Visualization

**Third Party Assets**
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap
- Python
- PostgreSQL
- Google Cloud Platform *if we deceide to use it
- d3js
- plotly
List assests

Commit message:

README Updates: Lessons learned, items used

README.md, after:

# Project 2 Oakland Crime Data

## Table of Contents

- [Oakland Crime Data](#oakland-crime-data)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [The Challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [The Development Process](#the-developement-process)
  - [The Output](#the-ouput)
  - [Installation and Uage](#installation-and-usage)
  - [Credits, tools and other references](#credits-tools-and-other-references)

## The Challenge

Create a Full Stack webpage that visualizes crime data with the following features:
- [x] Project falls in one of 4 tracks (NEED TO Pick one)
- A custom “creative” D3.js project (i.e. nonstandard graph or chart)
- A combination of web scraping and Leaflet or plotly
- A dashboard page with multiple charts that update from the same data
- A “thick” server that performs multiple manipulations on data in a database prior to visualization (must be approved)
- [x] Backed by SQL database
- [x] Use existing public data set for the database
- [x] Python Flask-powered API
- [x] HTML/CSS for the front-end
- [x] Includes at least one JS library not covered in lecture
- [x] Powered by a data set with at least 100 records
- [x] Include some level of user-driven interaction, e.g. menus, dropdowns
- [x] Final visualization should ideally include at least three views


## The Development Process


## The Output


**User stories**


**The application**
![Screenshot1]()
![Screenshot1]()

## Installation and Usage


To install the project follow these steps:


## Lessons Learned

- JS File Setup - Knowing when and how to utilize functions
- Geospatial Join: Visualizing the join to scale choropleth colors based on concentration of crime
- JQuery Bootstrap 
- Filtering and pagination
- JS Library Usage: which links are relevant/applicable

## Credits, Tools and Other References

**Collaborators**
- Front End
- Project Leader
- BackEnd
- ETL
- Visualization

**Third Party Assets**
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap
- Python
- PostgreSQL
- d3js
- plotly
- JQuery Material Design
- Leaflet
